BD-2807 Inherited phone numbers also inherit subscription states (#6905)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/sms/sms_subscription_group.md

If you are using the [older navigation]({{site.baseurl}}/navigation), this page is called **User Import** and can be found under **Users**.
{% endalert %}

When a phone number is updated on a user profile, the new phone number inherits the subscription group status of the user. If the phone number is updated to a number that already exists in Braze, the subscription status of that existing phone number is inherited.

> For example, if User #1 has a phone number that is subscribed to several subscription groups and that phone number then gets added to User #2, User #2 will be subscribed to the same subscription groups. To prevent a user from inheriting the existing subscriptions, you can reset the subscription groups of the old number via REST API whenever a user changes their number. Note that if there are multiple users who share this phone number, they will all be unsubscribed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if User A has a phone number that is subscribed to several subscription groups and that phone number then gets added to User B, User B will be subscribed to the same subscription groups. To prevent a user from inheriting the existing subscriptions, you can reset the subscription groups of the old number via REST API whenever a user changes their number. If multiple users share this phone number, they will all be unsubscribed.
```
